there are opportunities for the Boulogne team because we have done everything
to mark so
%
especially in the field in the last match
the last twenty minutes
three years
trying to score percent
but this goal is inevitably
the cds passed
the governor will soon hit it they were
twenty fast death us hearts
who according to m
are eager to the exciting it's ugly
of course it could have been worse and it could have been better
in the face at 5 00 pm show
in August
online
we will see if this point
this point contract the hungry% and I think manca men possession the ball
but French mandate
we were above them
the average of the habit
Well here we missed the little thing for to mark unlock
the situation I think that
the first twenty minutes we do not have what we did not succeed because my son
got stuck
and we have inevitably conflict team that plays last week
no, it gives a fitted and the Elysee have evolved the rest of the
match m
the worry is deteriorating day to day behind
the spaces summer and on the sides we used them I think this first
match since the beginning of season center time
% he missed the most 6% millimeters
percent either in the center or the arrival no here but good as they
were numerous in the surface was complicated
in e
this is nothing in our quality of play ours
our
our competitiveness
it is a point of taking one continues to advance
not only this calendar at
we do not stop
we'll see in the end if it's positive but
we continue to advance
but it's going well
m in the first leg against Boulogne we scored twice on kick
stopped
Stern
bensalah style it's still complicated but hey everyone at each team defends
his
his name to muscular way against May 10 and in eurasia
maybe we have more trouble against teams playing
Saint Nazaire
but percent
good here is the reality 2
some matches we have to try to find the flaws so it's under the
kicks stopped often
to unlock situations and especially I think it's
in this kind of confrontation be human
the first half hour is important
to open the score is for them try to play the the to manage
differently there the rest of the match
ben e
he may find himself in situations
we will arrive in a period where the matches will be more and more
complicated more and more closed because each team is going to need to
you
two points
but I hope that m
that our cultures were years old with finding them but that would be a strength
extra for the end of the season
yeah except it's not the same competition you need a replacement
so it will be another
our match management
the main thing is to qualify